code resources/Strudel drum patterns/readme.md, before:

# Creating a piano piece with python notebooks

## Summary
Use a popular live coding language to make beats directly in the browser.

## Prerequisite Knowledge
None

## Programming concepts and methods
 - gentle introduction presents a functional programming style
 - INSERT MORE TBC

## How this resource could be used
 - As a first introduction to any kind of programming
 - As an exploration of an alternative coding paradigm to most learn-to-code courses
 - As a fun way to start to make music, regardless of programming experience

## How could this be taken further
 - Students could explore some of the additional resources noted at the outset of the tutorial
 - Students could start to learn [SuperCollider](https://supercollider.github.io/), a related language that allows for more in-depth explorations of real-time digital audio

## Technical Resources or Requirements
 - A Web Audio compatible browser (most mainstream browsers should be fine. For more information, see [the Web Audio API docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API#browser_compatibility))

Commit message:

Finalise strudel examples and update readme

code resources/Strudel drum patterns/readme.md, after:

# Creating drum patterns with Strudel

## Note
This example runs in the browser, as demonstrated here:

https://tommudd.co.uk/pairprogramming/strudel-drum-patterns

## Summary
Use a popular live coding language to make beats directly in the browser.

## Prerequisite Knowledge
None

## Programming concepts and methods
 - gentle introduction presents a functional programming style
 - INSERT MORE TBC

## How this resource could be used
 - As a first introduction to any kind of programming
 - As an exploration of an alternative coding paradigm to most learn-to-code courses
 - As a fun way to start to make music, regardless of programming experience

## How could this be taken further
 - Students could explore some of the additional resources noted at the outset of the tutorial such as the wider [Strudel Getting Started guide](https://strudel.cc/workshop/getting-started), or artist introductions by [Lucy Cheeseman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRJ0xrjLj6A) or [Dan Gorelick and Viola He](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqyAJ4WeKoU&t=559s)
 - Students could think about coding as performance, perhaps engaging with the lively [live coding community](https://forum.toplap.org/) and associated [Algorave community](https://tidalcycles.org/docs/community/).
 - Students could start to learn [SuperCollider](https://supercollider.github.io/), a related language that allows for more in-depth explorations of real-time digital audio

## Technical Resources or Requirements
 - A Web Audio compatible browser (most mainstream browsers should be fine. For more information, see [the Web Audio API docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API#browser_compatibility))
